package managers what now what next all
right so what we did was we summarize
what the IPF has package managers
special interest group has been in so
far this year when we went over our
roadmap for next steps for the rest of
the year and then we ranked a whole
bunch of critical pain points and
potential benefits that we discovered in
our last couple of months of research of
ipfs enabled package managers that boil
down didn't you six problems and 14
potential benefits if you want to know
what all 20 of those things are because
two minutes and flag and everything
there are posters in the back of the
room that lists those one by one by one
by one there's also a big pile of dots
over on the table next to those posters
so if you want to add your own dots to
see how frequently you experience those
things that would be amazing but with
the discussion and the dive hunting that
we did we discovered these key takeaways
you want to take these oh well you wrote
them
all right connectivity working offline
very important yeah we figured that
replication of content not quite as
important to end-users as we expected
new package management paradigms new
ways of using package managers will
enable new use cases that's sort of meta
but pretty awesome reproducibility way
important decentralize publishing great
decentralized registries not as
important read on learning terrible
performance needs to be fast enough not
regress but not the critical issue in
everybody's mind however showstoppers
uncommon left pad yeah that misses
everything up for everybody not very
often but when it does it's horrible we
want reproducible builds and we want to
D do package contents if we're
developers for package manager
maintainer z' less so so if you wanna
weigh in on some of this stuff on your
way out put some dots on the thing in
the back anyone else want to say
anything no flag for you sorry
[Applause]
very cool thank you